[FYI] Add FYIs for iOS app submission stuff (#15)
expo/fyi: apple-app-specific-password.md

# Apple App-Specific Password

> The Apple application-specific password is a password for your Apple ID account that let you sign in to your Apple account securely from a third-party app. It is required by Submission Service to submit your build to App Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apple app-specific password is a password for your Apple ID account that lets you sign in to your Apple account securely from a third-party app. It is required by the EAS Submission Service to submit your build to Apple App Store.
```

> ### How do I generate one?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I generate an app-specific password?
```
